**[Basic Policy on the Protection of Personal Information (Privacy
Policy)]{.underline}**

Pace Enterprise Japan Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as \"the
Company\") fully recognizes the importance of personal information
provided by our customers, and in order to handle personal information
appropriately, Pace Enterprise Japan has established this Basic Policy
on the Protection of Personal Information (Privacy Policy), all officers
and employees will work together to protect personal information in
accordance with the following items.

a)  With regard to the handling of all personal information we handle,
    we will comply with laws and ordinances regarding the handling of
    personal information, guidelines set by the government, and other
    standards.

b)  In acquiring and using personal information, we will specify the
    purpose of use, and will not handle personal information beyond the
    scope necessary to achieve the specified purpose of use (use for
    purposes other than those specified), and will take appropriate
    management measures to prevent use for purposes other than those
    specified.

c)  The Company will not provide the personal information we have
    obtained to any third party, except when we have obtained the
    consent of the person concerned or when required by law.

d)  When entrusting the handling of customers\' personal information to
    a third party, we will select a third party that meets our standards
    for management, and will appropriately supervise the third party to
    ensure the safe management of customers\' personal information.

e)  When we receive a complaint or consultation regarding the handling
    of personal information, etc., the Company will promptly investigate
    the facts of the complaint or consultation and strive to respond
    appropriately and in good faith.

f)  In order to appropriately manage the personal information, we have
    acquired, the Company will take appropriate safety measures and work
    to prevent and correct the loss, alteration, leakage, destruction,
    or damage of personal information.

g)  When the Company receive a request to disclose, correct, or suspend
    the use of a customer\'s personal information, we will make every
    effort to respond appropriately and promptly after confirming the
    identity of the customer or the customer\'s representative.

h)  In light of changes in social conditions and the environment, the
    Company will continuously review our personal information protection
    management system and improve our efforts to protect personal
    information.

For details, please refer to \"Handling of Personal Information\".

Pace Enterprise Japan Co., Ltd

Representative Director: Turocious Christeve Fuad

Post code 105-0001

Toranomon Towers Office 19F, 4-1-28 Toranomon, Minato-ku, Tokyo

Personal Information Consultation Email: dpo@pacenow.co

[Enacted: 1 January 2022]{.underline}

**[Handling of Personal Information]{.underline}**

The following is a list of items that should be disclosed in accordance
with the \"Act on the Protection of Personal Information\".

1.  [Purpose of Use of Customers\' Personal Information]{.underline}

The Company shall handle customers\' personal information within the
scope necessary to achieve the following purposes of use, and shall not
use customers\' personal information beyond the scope necessary to
achieve the purposes of use, unless otherwise permitted by law.

The purposes of use of the personal information of customers held by the
Company are as follows.

(a) To confirm the identity of customers using our services, to carry
    out due diligence or other screening activities (including KYC
    checks) in accordance with legal or regulatory obligations or as we
    may from time to time require, and to conduct verification at the
    time of transactions.

(b) To investigate the repayment or solvency of customers who use our
    services.

(c) To manage or transfer the Company\'s claims against customers who
    use the Company\'s services.

(d) To perform administrative tasks related to transactions with
    customers, such as providing services to customers based on the
    terms of use stipulated by the Company, various notifications, and
    sending various documents.

(e) To exercise rights and fulfill obligations under contracts and laws
    with customers.

(f) For the Company to respond to inquiries from customers.

(g) To preserve records of transactions between the Company and its
    customers and the progress of negotiations and other facts.

(h) To provide information on events and seminars, to solicit services
    provided by the Company, or its group companies, or its merchant
    stores, and to send or transmit advertising and promotional
    materials.

(i) To research and develop services through market research, data
    analysis and questionnaires.

(j) To be used as material for statistical data, etc.

(k) To manage our recruitment and employment of our employees.

(l) To prevent or investigate fraud, unlawful activity, misconduct or
    complaints

(m) To fulfill obligations to shareholders as stipulated in the
    Companies Act, such as sending necessary documents such as notices
    of convocation of shareholders and dividend payments.

(n) To comply with any applicable law, or legal, governmental or
    regulatory requests, directions, processes, proceedings or
    requirements of any jurisdiction.

(o) To provide personal information to third parties to the extent
    necessary to achieve the purposes of use listed above.

\*The purpose of use of employees\' personal information will be
separately notified to them and their consent will be obtained.

\*When we ask you to provide personal information, your provision of
personal information to us is voluntary. However, depending on the type
of personal information you do not provide, we may not be able to
provide some or all of our services to you.

\*If the customer does not wish to use this service, we will not use the
service described in 1(h) above. If you do not wish to use this
information, please contact us.

2.  [Joint Use]{.underline}

Please refer to the \"Joint Use of Merchant Information\" provided
separately.

3.  [Provision of Personal Information to Third Parties]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
(a) We will not provide personal information to third parties, except in
    the following cases:

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
i.  When required by law

ii. When it is necessary for the protection of the life, body, or
    property of a person and it is difficult to obtain the consent of
    the person.

iii. When it is particularly necessary to improve public health or
     promote the sound growth of children, and it is difficult to obtain
     the consent of the individual.

iv. When it is necessary to cooperate with a national agency, a local
    public body, or a person or organization entrusted by either of the
    foregoing in executing affairs prescribed by laws and regulations,
    and obtaining the consent of the individual may impede the execution
    of the affairs concerned.

v.  In the case that the Company has a claim for indemnification against
    the customer, for the purpose of transferring the claim to a third
    party, the Company may provide the customer\'s personal information
    to the transferee to the extent necessary after selecting the
    transferee and conducting preparations for the transfer of the
    claim.

vi. When we provide your personal information to a merchant to which you
    have applied for our services to the extent necessary for the
    merchant\'s customer management or sales promotion

vii. When our business is outsourced in accordance with laws and
     regulations

viii. When we provide your personal information to our group companies
      such as parent companies and affiliated companies to the extent
      necessary for the business management of our group.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
(b) In cases where the personal information of customers who have
    applied for a Replacement Payment Agreement (hereinafter
    collectively referred to as \"Credit Transactions\") is provided to
    and registered with a personal credit information agency, CIC Co.
    (hereinafter referred to as \"Personal Credit Information Agency\"),
    a personal credit information agency (including cases where the
    information is provided or registered via a settlement agency), the
    Company shall obtain the consent of the individual in advance before
    doing so. The use of such personal information by personal credit
    information agencies shall be for the following purposes.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
i.  Reporting the fact that an application for a credit transaction has
    been made to a personal credit information agency, and the personal
    credit information agency will register this fact.

ii. To report the customer\'s credit information to the personal credit
    information agency in order to conclude a contract for credit
    transactions, and for the personal credit information agency to
    register such information

iii. Records of applications for credit transactions will be used by
     members of personal credit information agencies to investigate
     repayment or solvency.

iv. The customer\'s credit information will be used by members of the
    personal credit information agency to investigate repayment or
    solvency when concluding a contract for credit transactions.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
4.  [When personal information is provided by a third party]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
(a) When we receive the personal information of a customer who has
    applied for a loan from a personal credit information agency, we
    will use it for the following purposes after obtaining the prior
    consent of the customer.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
i.  In cases where the credit information of a customer applying for a
    credit transaction is registered with a personal credit information
    agency, the Company will use such information to investigate the
    customer\'s repayment or solvency.

ii. In the event that the customer\'s credit information is registered
    with a personal credit information agency when concluding a loan
    agreement or an advance payment agreement, the Company may use such
    information to investigate the customer\'s repayment or payment
    ability.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
(b) Information from merchants. We may receive personal information that
    you have registered with a merchant, with your prior consent, for
    the performance of your transactions

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
5.  [Requests for disclosure of personal information]{.underline}

Customers may make a request for notification of the purpose of use of
personal information, disclosure of personal information, correction,
addition, or deletion of personal information, suspension of use or
deletion of personal information, or suspension of provision to a third
party (collectively, \"requests for disclosure of personal
information\") as stipulated in the \"Act on the Protection of Personal
Information. (hereinafter collectively referred to as \"requests for
disclosure, etc. of personal information\"). Please note that we are
unable to accept any requests for disclosure of personal credit
information.

The details of the procedures for requesting disclosure of personal
information are as follows.

\(1\) Contact for requests

Requests for disclosure, etc., of personal information should be made
directly to our Personal Information Consultation Desk (hereinafter
referred to as the \"Consultation Desk\"). (hereinafter referred to as
the \"Consultation Desk\") directly.

The following (2) through (6) are the procedures to be followed when
making a request for disclosure, etc. to the Consultation Desk.

\(2\) Documents to be submitted

Please fill in the necessary items such as notification of the purpose
of use of personal information, disclosure of personal information,
correction / addition / deletion of personal information, suspension /
deletion of use, suspension of provision to third parties, etc. in the
\"Invoice for Disclosure of Personal Information\" Please apply by mail
to the consultation desk with the transaction confirmation documents
described in below (5).

\(3\) Fees for requests for disclosure of personal information and
notification of the purpose of use

A handling fee of 1,000 yen (including tax) will be charged for each
request for disclosure of personal information and notification of the
purpose of use. Please enclose a postal money order or stamps in the
amount of 1,000 yen (including tax) when you send the request form for
disclosure of personal information by mail.

\*A fixed postal money order can be purchased at a post office. Please
note that you will be responsible for the fee for issuing a fixed postal
money order.

\(4\) People who can make a request

Those who can request disclosure of personal information, etc. are as
follows.

(a) The person himself / herself

(b) Proxy (a person authorized by you or a legal representative such as
    a person with parental authority)

\(5\) Documents to confirm the identity of the person or the proxy

In addition to the \"Request Form for Disclosure of Personal
Information, etc.\", the following documents will be required to confirm
that the person making the request is the person himself/herself or
his/her representative. Please note that in accordance with the Act on
Prevention of Transfer of Criminal Proceeds, two different types of
verification documents will be required if you are asked to present or
submit a verification document without a photograph.

(a) If you are the person in question

> One of the following documents (name, address, and date of birth must
> be verifiable):

i.  A copy of your driver\'s license (including your driving record
    > certificate). If your address and domicile are different, please
    > fill in your domicile.

ii. A copy of your personal number card. You do not need to write your
    > personal number on the back.

iii. Copy of various health insurance cards

iv. Copy of certificate of residence (original issued within 6 months
    > from the date of issue by public institution)

v.  Copy of residence card or special permanent resident certificate
    > (original issued within 6 months from the date of issue by public
    > institution)

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
(b) If you are a proxy

In the case of a person other than a legal representative:

Documents listed in (a) (i) through (v) above, and a letter of attorney
from the person in question (please affix the person\'s own seal and a
certificate of seal registration).

If the agent is a lawyer or other qualified person, please provide the
name and registration number of the organization to which the agent
belongs.

In the case of a legal representative

A copy or extract of your family register showing your relationship to
the person in question (a letter of attorney from the person in question
is not required)

\(6\) Cases in which the Company cannot respond to requests for
disclosure, etc.

Please note that we cannot respond to requests for disclosure in the
following cases:

(a) When we are unable to confirm the identity of the person in question
    or their representative, such as when the address on the \"Request
    for Disclosure of Personal Information, etc.,\" the address on the
    documents submitted for verification at the time of the transaction,
    and the address registered with us do not match.

(b) When the right of representation cannot be confirmed when an
    application is made by an agent.

(c) If the prescribed application documents are incomplete and the
    applicant does not respond to our request to correct the
    incompleteness.

(d) When the subject of the request for disclosure, etc. does not fall
    under the category of \"retained personal data.

(e) When disclosure is likely to harm the life, body, property, or other
    rights or interests of the person in question or a third party.

(f) If there is a risk that disclosure, etc. will significantly impede
    the proper execution of the Company\'s business.

(g) When disclosure, etc. would violate other laws and regulations.

(h) When the Company does not have the authority to respond to all
    requests for disclosure of personal information

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
6.  [Various changes, etc]{.underline}

In order to further improve our efforts to protect personal information,
or to respond to changes in laws and other regulations, we may change
our \"Basic Policy on Personal Information Protection (Privacy Policy)\"
or \"Handling of Personal Information\" without prior notice.

7.  [About Authorized Personal Information Protection
    Organizations]{.underline}

The following is a list of authorized personal information protection
organizations that we are a member of.

\*Authorized personal information protection organizations are
organizations authorized by the competent minister in accordance with
Article 47 of the Act on the Protection of Personal Information, and aim
to ensure the proper handling of personal information through the
handling of complaints about the handling of personal information and
the provision of information to the target business operators.

Japan Credit Association

Phone for consultation: 03-5645-3360

Reception hours: 10:00AM-12:00PM 1:00PM-4:00PM

(Closed on Saturdays, Sundays, national holidays, and year-end and New
Year holidays)

For inquiries regarding the protection of personal information, please
contact

If you have any questions, concerns, or other inquiries regarding our
efforts to protect personal information, please contact our \"Personal
Information Consultation Desk\" below.

Pace Enterprise Japan Co., Ltd

Personal Information Consultation Desk

Post code 105-0001

Toranomon Towers Office 19F, 4-1-28 Toranomon, Minato-ku, Tokyo

Email: dpo@pacenow.co

Enacted: 1 January 2022
