**Agreement on the Handling of Personal Information**

The applicant agrees to the following regarding the handling of personal
information by \"Pace Enterprise Japan Co., Ltd.\" (the "Company") for
the provision of the Company's buy-now-pay-later service (hereinafter
collectively referred to as \"the Service\").

**[Article 1 (Protection of Personal Information)]{.underline}**

Personal information provided by the applicant to the merchant and to
our company, including the information specified in each of the
following items (The term \"personal information\" refers to information
about a living individual that can be used to identify a specific
individual by name, date of birth, address, occupation, IP address,
driver\'s license number, driver\'s license and customer video data or
my number card and customer video data, and other descriptions contained
in the information. This includes information that can be easily
cross-checked with other information to identify a specific individual
and information that contains personal identification codes.) and the
merchant and the applicant\'s transaction information, etc. (with
respect to the products, etc. provided by the merchant to the applicant,
including the price of the products, etc., product information, shipping
status, and all other information related to the transaction
,hereinafter collectively referred to as \"Personal Information,
etc.\"), the Company\'s officers and employees shall comply with laws
and regulations regarding the protection of Personal Information,
recognize the importance of the Personal Information handled, and
endeavor to handle and protect it appropriately.

Information regarding the attributes of the Applicant, etc., such as
name, gender, age, date of birth, address, telephone number, e-mail
address, place of work, family structure, and housing situation, etc.,
(including information after any change, the same shall apply
hereinafter) which the applicant (including the applicant for the
Service and the head of the household in the case of a full-time
housewife, student, etc. who makes payment from the household income,
hereinafter collectively referred to as the \"Applicant, etc.\") has
filled out the application form prescribed by the Company.

Information on the contents of the Agreement, such as the date of
application, date of contract, transfer account, product name, contract
amount, and number of payments, regarding the use of the Service
(hereinafter referred to as the \"Agreement\").

Transaction information such as the balance, statement of use, and
monthly repayment status after the commencement of payments related to
this Agreement.

To investigate the solvency of the Applicant with respect to this
Agreement or to investigate the solvency of the Applicant during the
payment process, usage and payment history of loans, etc. which is
assets, liabilities, family structure, etc., income and expenditures of
the Applicant, etc and information collected through contracts with the
Company other than this Agreement declared by the Applicant, etc. Or
information for solvency, such as credit usage and payment history and
past debt repayment status, that we have collected, hold and manage.

Information on documents issued by public institutions, such as
residence certificates, collected by the Company in a lawful and
appropriate manner.

Information to verify the identity of the Applicant, etc. obtained by
requesting the Applicant, etc. to present his/her driver\'s license,
passport, etc., confirming and recording the contents, or obtaining a
copy of the same, when required by law or deemed necessary by the
Company in relation to this Agreement.

Information published in official gazettes, telephone directories,
housing maps, etc.

The Company shall handle the information specified in each item of the
preceding paragraph provided to the Company from the merchant or the
personal credit information agency in the same way as the personal
information provided to the Company directly from the Applicant, etc.

When we outsource our office work (application agency work, computer
work, payment settlement work, collection work and related work, etc.)
to a third party, we will take measures to protect personal information
after taking measures, each information described in paragraph 1 may be
deposited with the outsourced business.

**[Article 2 (Personal Information Protection Manager)]{.underline}**

In providing this service, we will appoint a personal information
protection officer as follows:

Personal Information Protection Officer: Personal Information Protection
Manager, Customer Experience Department

**[Article 3 (Purpose of Use)]{.underline}**

We will use the personal information of Applicants, etc. within the
scope of the following purposes:

To confirm the identity of customers using our services, and to carry
out due diligence or other screening activities (including KYC checks)
in accordance with legal or regulatory obligations or as we may from
time to time require, and to conduct verification at the time of
transactions.

To investigate the repayment or solvency of customers who use the
Service.

To manage or transfer the Company\'s claims against customers who use
the Service.

To perform administrative work related to transactions with customers,
such as providing the Service to customers based on the terms of use
stipulated by the Company, various notifications, and sending various
documents.

To exercise rights and fulfill obligations under contracts and laws with
customers.

For the Company to respond to inquiries from customers.

To maintain records of transactions between the Company and the customer
and the progress of negotiations and other facts.

To provide information on events and seminars, to solicit services
provided by the Company, or its group companies, or its merchant stores,
and to send or transmit advertisements and promotional materials (if the
customer does not wish to receive such information, the Company will not
use it. If you do not wish to receive such information, please contact
us.).

For research and development of services through market research, data
analysis, questionnaires, etc.

To be used as a material for statistical data, etc.

To prevent or investigate fraud, unlawful activity, misconduct or
complaints.

To comply with any applicable law, or legal, governmental or regulatory
requests, directions, processes, proceedings or requirements of any
jurisdiction.

To provide personal information to third parties to the extent necessary
to achieve the purposes of use listed above.

**[Article 4 (Registration with and Use of Personal Credit Information
Agencies)]{.underline}**

The Applicant, etc. shall make inquiries to the personal credit
information agencies of which the Company is a member (which means those
in the business of collecting information on the solvency and repayment
ability of individuals and providing such information to member members)
and the personal credit information agencies affiliated with said
agencies, in the event that the personal information, etc. of the
Applicant, etc. is registered, the Applicant, etc. agrees that the
Company may use such information to investigate the Applicant, etc.\'s
ability to pay and repay.

1.  Personal information and other objective transaction facts based on
    this Agreement pertaining to the Applicant, etc. will be registered
    with the personal credit information agencies of which the Company
    is a member for the period specified in the table below, and will be
    used by the personal credit information agencies of which the
    Company is a member and the members of the personal credit
    information agencies affiliated with said agencies to investigate
    the Applicant, etc.\'s ability to pay and repay. I agree that the
    information will be used and registered for the period specified in
    the table below with the personal credit information agencies to
    which the Company is a member and with the member members of the
    personal credit information agencies affiliated with the said
    agencies for the purpose of investigating the applicant\'s ability
    to pay and repay.

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
  Item                               CIC Corporation
  ---------------------------------- ------------------------------------
  \(i\) The fact that the            Six months from the date of our
  application for this contract was  inquiry to the personal credit
  made.                              information agency

  \(ii\) Objective transaction facts During the contract period and
  pertaining to the Agreement        within 5 years after the end of the
                                     contract

  \(iii\) The fact that the payment  During the contract period and for 5
  of the obligation is overdue       years after the contract ends
  (including the fact that the       
  guarantee has been executed).      
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

3.  The names, locations, and telephone numbers for inquiries of the
    personal credit information agencies of which the Company is a
    member are provided below. The membership qualifications, names of
    members, etc. of the personal credit information agencies are listed
    on the websites of each agency. In the event that the Company
    becomes a new member of a personal credit information agency during
    the term of this Agreement, and registers and uses such information,
    the Guarantee Company shall separately notify such agency in writing
    and obtain its consent:

CIC Corporation

〒160-8375

Shinjuku First West 15F, 1-23-7 Nishi-Shinjuku, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo

For inquiries, please call: 0120-810-414.

　　　 0570-666-414 (cell phone)

Home Page Address: https://www.cic.co.jp

1.  The personal credit information agencies affiliated with the
    personal credit information agencies mentioned in the preceding
    paragraph, of which the Company is a member, are as follows:

Japan Credit Information Organization, Inc.

〒110-0014

> Sumitomo Fudosan Ueno Building No.5, 1-10-14 Kita Ueno, Taito-ku,
> Tokyo, Japan

For inquiries, please call: 0570-055-955.

Home Page Address: https://www.jicc.co.jp/

Japan Bankers Personal Credit Information Center

Post 100-8216

1-3-1 Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo

For inquiries, please contact: 03-3214-5020

Home Page Address : https://www.zenginkyo.or.jp/pcic/

For details on the membership qualifications and names of members of the
Japan Credit Information Organization (JIIA) and the Japan Bankers
Personal Credit Information Center (JBCPI), please refer to the websites
of the above organizations.

CIC, Japan Credit Information Organization, and Japan Bankers Personal
Credit Information Center are mutually affiliated with each other.

4.  The information to be registered with the personal credit
    information agencies of which the Company is a member, as described
    in Paragraphs 2 and 3 above, is as follows:

Credit Information Center CORP. (CIC)

Information for identifying the person such as name, date of birth,
address, telephone number, place of employment, place of employment
telephone number, symbol number such as driver\'s license, etc.

Information on contract details such as application date, contract type,
contract date, contract amount, product name and its quantity / number
of times / period, number of payments, etc.

Information on payment status such as usage balance, installment
balance, annual billing amount, payment date, payment date, delinquency,
etc.

**[Article 5 (Provision to Third Parties)]{.underline}**

The Company may provide the personal information of applicants to its
group companies, including parent companies and affiliated companies,
for the purpose of understanding and managing various risks necessary
for the management of the Group and for properly carrying out part or
all of the management work related to this service or our office work.
In addition, the Company may provide the Personal Information of
Applicants to third parties located outside of Japan after reviewing the
handling of Personal Information by the party to which the Personal
Information is provided, in order to commission the analysis of the
Applicant\'s transaction status and to execute the Applicant\'s
transaction.

1.  In the case that the Company has a claim for indemnification against
    the customer, for the purpose of transferring the claim to a third
    party, the Company may provide the customer\'s personal information
    to the transferee to the extent necessary after selecting the
    transferee and conducting preparations for the transfer of the
    claim.

2.  In the case that the Company provides the personal information set
    forth in Article 1, Paragraph 1, Items (a) through (c) to the
    merchant to which the Applicant, etc. has applied for the Service,
    the merchant may use the personal information in order to distribute
    or provide advertising materials, printed materials, product
    information, service information, or other business information or
    information for customer management purposes or for sales promotion
    purposes.

3.  In addition to the preceding three items, the Company may disclose
    such information to a third party after confirming the information
    registered by the applicant, etc., usage history, contents of
    e-mails, etc., if any of the following applies:

    When there is the consent of the applicant, etc.

    When disclosure is required by law or by a judgment, decision, or
    order issued by a court, administrative agency, or other legal
    authority.

    When disclosing or providing statistical data or other information
    in a manner that does not allow for the identification of the
    applicant.

    When it is necessary to protect the life, body, or property of an
    individual and it is difficult to obtain the consent of the
    applicant.

    When it is particularly necessary for improving public health or
    promoting the sound growth of children and it is difficult to obtain
    the consent of the applicant.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a)  When it is necessary to cooperate with a national agency, a local
    government, or a person or organization entrusted by either of the
    foregoing in executing affairs prescribed by laws and regulations,
    and obtaining the consent of the Applicant is likely to impede the
    execution of such affairs.

**[Article 6 (Disclosure, etc.)]{.underline}**

If an applicant wishes to request disclosure of personal information
held by the Company, the Company will respond within a reasonable period
of time and to a reasonable extent after confirming the identity of the
applicant.

1.  The fee for disclosure shall be 1,000 yen (tax included). However,
    if, as a result of the disclosure, it is found that the content of
    the personal information is inaccurate or incorrect, the Company
    shall promptly correct or delete the information and return the
    disclosure fee received.

2.  Applicants may also request the personal credit information agency
    listed in Article 3 to disclose their personal information, etc. as
    provided in the Act on the Protection of Personal Information. In
    this case, please contact the contact listed in Article 3 directly.

**[Article 7 (In case of disagreement with the terms of this
agreement)]{.underline}**

The Company may refuse to enter into the Agreement if the Applicant does
not wish to provide the information required for the Agreement
(information to be provided by the Applicant in the application
documents, contract documents, etc.) or if the Company cannot approve
all or part of the contents of this agreement, however, even if the
Applicant does not agree to Article 3, paragraph (1), item (h), the
Company will not refuse the conclusion of the Agreement for this reason.

**[Article 8 (Suspension of Use, etc.)]{.underline}**

With regard to the personal information of the Applicant held by the
Company, even if the Company is using the personal information within
the scope of the purpose of use as stated in Article 3, if the Applicant
requests the Company to stop using his/her information, the Company will
take measures to stop using the information within a reasonable period
and scope after confirming the identity of the Applicant. However, this
shall not apply to printed materials and promotional materials enclosed
with invoices, etc. sent by the Company to the Applicant, etc., even if
the Company has received a request for suspension of use.

1.  The Applicant agrees in advance that if part or all of this
    information is suspended, the Applicant may not be able to use all
    or part of the Service.

**[Article 9 (Registration and Consent to Use Concerning Request for
Suspension of Payment Defense)]{.underline}**

In the event that an applicant, etc. files a request for a defense of
suspension of payment, information regarding such request will be
registered with the personal credit information agency to which the
applicant, etc. is a member during the period of investigation regarding
such defense, and will be provided to the member of such personal credit
information agency.

**[Article 10 (Method and Contact for Acceptance of Disclosure,
etc.)]{.underline}**

Inquiries regarding the personal information of applicants held by the
Company will be accepted in the following manner. Please note that we
may not be able to respond to requests for disclosure, etc. that are not
made in accordance with the following methods:

［About the reception procedure\]

Please send your application by e-mail to the following address.

We will respond to your request in writing or by other means after
confirming that you are the person in question or your representative in
the following manner. Depending on the content of the request, we may
ask you to submit a prescribed application form.

\(1\) How and where to contact us

Pace Enterprise Japan Co., Ltd

Personal Information Protection Officer

Address: Toranomon Towers Office 19F, 4-1-28 Toranomon, Minato-ku, Tokyo
105-0001, Japan

Email: dpo@pacenow.co

\(2\) Confirmation of the identity of the person or the proxy

We will confirm that the applicant is the person in question by checking
a copy of the applicant\'s driver\'s license (including a certificate of
driving record) , a copy of the applicant\'s personal identification
number card, a copy of the applicant\'s health insurance card, a copy of
the applicant\'s certificate of residence (original issued within 6
months of the date of issue by a public institution), a copy of the
applicant\'s residence card, a copy of the applicant\'s special
permanent resident certificate (original issued within 6 months of the
date of issue by a public institution), or by contacting the applicant
to confirm the applicant\'s name, address, telephone number, etc.

In the case of an application from a proxy, we will confirm the proxy\'s
identity by verifying the power of attorney and the \"seal registration
certificate\" of the seal affixed to the power of attorney, or by
calling the person in question.

**[Article 11 (In the event that this Agreement is not
concluded)]{.underline}**

The fact that the Applicant has applied for the Service even if the
Agreement is not concluded will be used for a certain period of time in
accordance with Article 3 and Article 4, Paragraph 2, Item (a),
regardless of the reason for the failure of the Agreement, but will not
be used for any other purpose, however, it will not be used for any
other purpose. In addition, copies of the application form, etc. shall
be kept by the Company for a certain period of time and then destroyed.

**[Article 12 (Modification of the Agreement)]{.underline}**

The Company shall have the right to modify, update or amend the terms of
this Agreement on the Handling of Personal Information at any time by
publishing the updated terms on our website. By continuing to use the
Pace Services, the Applicant shall be accepting the terms of such
modification, updates or amendments.

Enacted: 1 January 2022
