**[Pace Plus Terms]{.underline}**

1.  These terms (**Terms**) govern the Pace Plus Order Form (**Order
    Form**) between a merchant (**Merchant**) and Pace (together the
    **Parties** and each a **Party**). Pace may amend these Terms from
    time to time without requiring the Merchant's express or implied
    consent and without prior notice. All amendments to these Terms are
    effective upon publication on the Pace website, including at
    https://pacenow.co/terms-of-service/pace-plus. The Merchant's
    continued use of Pace Plus after any amendments to these Terms is
    deemed as the Merchant's agreement to these Terms, as amended.

2.  The Terms of Service (**TOS**) as published on the Pace website
    shall be incorporated into these Terms and form part of these Terms.
    In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of the TOS
    and these Terms, these Terms shall prevail.

3.  **Pace Plus**

Under the Pace Plus programme, Pace shall be providing to the Merchant
certain affiliate marketing services to promote and market certain
promotional benefits to the Merchant's new and existing customers to
encourage their purchase of goods and/services from the Merchant via the
Pace Platform (**Pace Plus**). The details of execution and deployment
of the affiliate marketing services shall be mutually agreed between the
Parties.

4.  **Referral Commission Fee**

    1.  The Merchant shall pay to Pace a referral commission fee
        calculated in accordance with the rates as stated in the Order
        Form (**Referral Commission Fee**) for each applicable
        transaction generated by Pace Plus. The Referral Commission Fee
        may be revised by Pace from time to time upon the provision of
        30 days' prior written notice to the Merchant.

    2.  If the Referral Commission Fee is calculated as a percentage of
        the purchase value of an applicable transaction generated by
        Pace Plus, the purchase value shall be amount of the customer's
        purchase of goods and/or services excluding any discount
        applicable, including any discount from promotional vouchers or
        codes, shipping fees, and any other rebates.

    3.  The tracking, recording, and validation of applicable
        transactions generated by each Marketing Campaign shall be
        determined by a software code / link containing the tracking
        code as stated in the Order Form (**Tracking Code**) programmed
        to track and tag the transactions generated by Pace Plus.

    4.  The Referral Commission Fee shall be retained by Pace in respect
        of any transaction that is subject to any Reversal (whether
        wholly or partially), Chargeback, or otherwise not fully
        consummated at any time before, during, or after the Term.

5.  **Referral Commission Fee Limit**

    1.  The Referral Commission Fee payable by the Merchant to Pace for
        each calendar month shall be subject to the limit as stated in
        the Order Form (**Referral Commission Fee Limit**). The Referral
        Commission Fee Limit may be revised by Pace from time to time
        upon the provision of 30 days' prior written notice to the
        Merchant.

    2.  The Referral Commission Fee Limit shall include applicable
        transaction that is subject to any Reversal (whether wholly or
        partially), Chargeback, or otherwise not fully consummated at
        any time before, during, or after the Term.

6.  **Payment**

    1.  Pace shall invoice the Merchant for the Referral Commission Fee
        on a monthly basis following the end of every calendar month
        during the Term. The Merchant shall pay Pace within 7 days of
        receipt of each invoice.

    2.  If any amount owing to Pace under these Terms or any Order Form
        is not received by Pace by the relevant due date, Pace reserves
        the right to impose late interest at the rate of 2.5% per month
        on the outstanding amount which shall accrue until such
        outstanding amounts are paid in full.

7.  **Tax**

> The Referral Commission Fee shall be subject to the imposition of any
> and all tax as provided under applicable law which shall be borne by
> the Merchant.

8.  **Term and Termination**

    1.  Pace Plus shall commence on the date as stated in the Order Form
        (Commencement Date) between a Merchant and Pace unless otherwise
        mutually agreed between the Parties.

    2.  The term of the Order Form shall be one year from the
        Commencement Date (**Initial Term**). Unless otherwise mutually
        agreed in writing between the Parties one month prior to the end
        of the Initial Term, the Order Form shall automatically be
        renewed for successive periods of 12 months (each a **Renewal
        Term**) immediately following the end of the Term or the
        then-current Renewal Term on the same terms or as otherwise
        mutually agreed between the Parties.

    3.  Either Party may terminate the Order Form at any time and for
        any reason by giving to the other Party 14 days' prior written
        notice.

    4.  Pace may terminate these Terms and any Order Form immediately
        upon:

        a.  The Merchant being in breach of these Terms or an Order
            Form;

        b.  The Merchant failing to pay any amount of fees required
            under these Terms or an Order Form; or

        c.  The Merchant's dissolution or ceasing or threatening to
            cease to do business, or the institution by or against the
            Merchant of insolvency, receivership, or bankruptcy
            proceedings or any other proceedings for the settlement of
            the Merchant's debts.

    5.  Termination or expiry of this Agreement shall not affect rights
        or obligations of the Parties under this Agreement that have
        accrued prior to the date of termination or expiry.

    6.  Upon termination of these Terms:

        a.  All existing Order Forms between Pace and the Merchant shall
            immediately terminate;

        b.  Pace shall cease to provide Pace Plus to the Merchant; and

        c.  the Merchant shall immediately pay to Pace all outstanding
            unpaid invoices and Pace shall invoice the Merchant for any
            amount payable under the relevant Order Form for all or part
            of the services performed by Pace but for which no invoice
            has been issued and the Merchant shall immediately pay to
            Pace all invoiced amounts.

9.  **Miscellaneous**

    1.  The Merchant shall display Pace marketing collaterals including
        signs, decals, widgets, or other identification prominently at
        the Merchant's points of sale (in-stores and/or e-commerce
        platforms) or in a manner as instructed by Pace. If the Merchant
        fails to do so:

        a.  Pace may at its own discretion withhold or revoke any
            promotional rate offered to the Merchant on fees payable by
            the Merchant to Pace, and the Merchant agree to compensate
            Pace for the cost of such promotional rate provided; and

        b.  Pace may at its own discretion withhold or revoke Pace Plus
            marketing benefits, and the Merchant agrees to compensate
            Pace for the cost of Pace Plus marketing benefits provided
            to the Merchant.

    2.  Without prejudice to any other rights Pace may have under these
        Terms or any other agreement between the Merchant and Pace, Pace
        may at any time with prior notice, set off any amount due to
        Pace under these Terms or any Order Form from any amount due
        from Pace to the Merchant, including from any amount due from
        Pace to the Merchant under any other agreement between Pace and
        the Merchant.

*[Published 9 December 2022]{.underline}*
